== README

This README would normally document whatever steps are necessary to get the
application up and running.

Things you may want to cover:

* Ruby version

2.2.3

~~~bash
bundle install
~~~

# Configuration TL;DR

You will need to create a [user model](#model-concerns), [define routes](#mounting-routes), [include concerns](#controller-methods), and you may want to alter some of the [default settings](#initializer-settings) for this gem. Run the following command for an easy one-step installation:

~~~bash
rails g devise_token_auth:install [USER_CLASS] [MOUNT_PATH]
~~~

**Example**:

~~~bash
rails g devise_token_auth:install User auth
~~~

This generator accepts the following optional arguments:

| Argument | Default | Description |
|---|---|---|
| USER_CLASS | `User` | The name of the class to use for user authentication. |
| MOUNT_PATH | `auth` | The path at which to mount the authentication routes. [Read more](#usage-tldr). |

The following events will take place when using the install generator:

* An initializer will be created at `config/initializers/devise_token_auth.rb`. [Read more](#initializer-settings).

* A model will be created in the `app/models` directory. If the model already exists, a concern will be included at the top of the file. [Read more](#model-concerns).

* Routes will be appended to file at `config/routes.rb`. [Read more](#mounting-routes).

* A concern will be included by your application controller at `app/controllers/application_controller.rb`. [Read more](#controller-methods).

* A migration file will be created in the `db/migrate` directory. Inspect the migrations file, add additional columns if necessary, and then run the migration:

~~~bash
rake db:migrate
~~~


